Model setup

You can use this tab to select the project in chich to apply the other features like Search Component Attributes and Fix tRunJob. 



Search Component Attributes

This tab is used to search and replace attribute values inside all jobs from a project.
It is convenient to search and compare different values entered in jobs for a particular type of component, or to make sure a path was changed correctly in all jobs, and also to do such bulk change without having to reopen all jobs one by one. It can also be very convenient to apply best practice in attribute values such as leveraging context instead of hardcoded values by replacing the same hardcoded value with the corresponding newly created context variable accross all jobs.

Steps for using the feature:
1. Select a Talend project or "Talend Project root directory" from the tab Model setup
2. From the tab Search Component Attributes, Fill in the search criteria as required to describe the search you would like to apply on all your jobs of the selected project
3. Optionnally, check Replace Attribute value and fill in the replacing attribute value if you want to Search and replace
Note: It is advised to first use search and once happy with the list of returned attribute values, then enable replace to update the attribute values.
4. Start the search using the Start Search button.
The result will be displayed in the window below, showing the jobs/components/attributes matching the search criteria and the current value in the Attribute, and if Replace Attribute value was checked, it will also display the value that is replaced.

Details:
Job Name Pattern (optional)(case insensitive): if filled will restrict the jobs in which the search is made to only jobs matching this pattern.
Only latest job version (optional): Can only be used if a Job Name Pattern is search, to restrict the search to only the last version of the jobs
Component Type Name (optional)(case sensitive): if filled will restrict the search for attributes only in components matching this pattern.
Attribute Name (MANDATORY)(must match)(case insensitive): The attribute which is searched. It needs to match the exact full spelling of an attribute but is not case sensitive. Example: Filename or DIE_ON_ERROR. List of attributes can be found in the java code of a job in Studio, or in the .item file generated by Studio.
Attribute Value Pattern (optional)(case insensitive): Only Attribute values matching this pattern will be returned. Example: true / false / context.ContextName / c:\production\test
Replace Attribute Value: when checked, will replace all Attribute values matching the search with the value in "New Attribute Value". CAREFUL will update to empty all the values if only checked without typing anything in New Attribute Value !
New Attribute Value (optional): If Replace Attribute Value option is used, then this will allow to update all the attributes with this value.
Start Search: Button to trigger the search
